new change (#4)
alxlenc/pygh-tests: content/file1.adoc

## This is a Title
I create a file.

> Information about VMs is passed to the host by the quick emulator.

Author: How about...
```suggestion
The quick emulator passes information about VMs to the host.
```

> Information about VMs is passed to the host by the quick emulator.

Author: How about...
```suggestion
The quick emulator passes information about VMs to the host.
```

> Information about VMs is passed to the host by the quick emulator.

Author: How about...
```suggestion
The quick emulator passes information about VMs to the host.
```

> Information about VMs is passed to the host by the quick emulator.

Author: How about...
```suggestion
The quick emulator passes information about VMs to the host.
```

> Information about VMs is passed to the host by the quick emulator.

Author: How about...
```suggestion
The quick emulator passes information about VMs to the host.
```

> Information about VMs is passed to the host by the quick emulator.

Author: How about...
```suggestion
The quick emulator passes information about VMs to the host.
```

> Information about VMs is passed to the host by the quick emulator.

Author: How about...
```suggestion
The quick emulator passes information about VMs to the host.
```

> Information about VMs is passed to the host by the quick emulator.

Author: How about...
```suggestion
The quick emulator passes information about VMs to the host.
```

> Information about VMs is passed to the host by the quick emulator.

Author: How about...
```suggestion
The quick emulator passes information about VMs to the host.
```
